Revise text-indent property (#43651)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/text-indent/index.md

Percent values are relative to to block container's inline-axis inner size; which is the dimension of the content-area only, excluding the container's padding and border.

The `<length-percentage>` can be a positive or negative value. A negative value creates an outdent equal to the absolute value of the `<length-percentage>` equivalent positive value. A negative value effectively pushes the text the size of the value, but in the opposite direction. For example, `text-indent: 3%;` indents the first line of text , adding white space that is 3% of the container's inner-size before the text, pushing the first line of content toward the inline-end direction. Setting `text-indent: -3%` outdents the first line of text, pushing the start of the first line of text 3% of the container's inner-size past the inline-start of the content area, into the padding and border, possibly overflowing the containter.

> A negative value is different from adding the `hanging` keyword to a positive value. Continuing with the same example, `text-indent: 3% hanging` doesn't outset the first line of text. Rather, it insets all the lines of text _except_ the first line, by 3% of the container's inner-size. 

Reviewer: Should this be outdent?

```suggestion
A negative value is different from adding the `hanging` keyword to a positive value. Continuing with the same example, `text-indent: 3% hanging` doesn't outdent the first line of text. Rather, it indents all the lines of text _except_ the first line, by 3% of the container's inner-size.
```

{{ EmbedLiveSample('Basic_indent','100%','100%') }}

### Percentage indent

Using the same HTML as in the previous example, here we demonstrate using percentage values and how percentage values are relative to the element's content area in the inline direction.

```html hidden
<p>
  Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit, sed diam nonummy
  nibh euismod tincidunt ut laoreet dolore magna aliquam erat volutpat.
</p>
<p>
  Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit, sed diam nonummy
  nibh euismod tincidunt ut laoreet dolore magna aliquam erat volutpat.
</p>
```

#### CSS

> We set the `text-indent` to a percentage value. We also added padding and vertical stripes to better enable guaging the size of the indentation relative to the element's box model. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We set the `text-indent` to a percentage value. We also added padding and vertical stripes to better enable gauging the size of the indentation relative to the element's box model.
```
